background-color 
    accepts a color value, which can be one of the color keywords, or an rgb or hsl value

background-image
    you can use an image as background to an element, by specifying the image location URL:
        background-image: url(image.png);

    If you make the image a background-image of a div in CSS, when that div is set to 
    "display: none", the image will not load.

background-clip
    lets you determine the area used by the background image, or color. 
    The default value is border-box, which extends up to the border outer edge.
    padding-box to extend the background up to the padding edge, without the border
    content-box to extend the background up to the content edge, without the padding
    inherit to apply the value of the parent

background-position
    you will want to set the position of the image placement
    left, right, center are all valid values for the X axis
    top, bottom for the Y axis
        background-position: top right

background-repeat
    If the image is smaller than the background, you need to set the behavior
    repeat-x, repeat-y or repeat or default value or no-repeat.

background-origin
    where the background should be applied
    This property has no effect if background-attachment is "fixed".
    to the entire element including padding (default) using padding-box
    to the entire element including the border using border-box
    to the element without the padding using content-box.

background-attachment
    attach the background to the viewport, so that scrolling will not affect the background
    By default the value is scroll.local and fixed are other values.

background-size
    auto, cover and contain. auto is the default.
    cover expands the image until the entire element is covered by the background.
    contain stops expanding the background image when one dimension (x or y) covers
    the whole smallest edge of the image, so it's fully contained into the element.
    You can also specify a length value, and if so it sets the width of the background 
    image (and the height is automatically defined)
        background-size: 100%;
        background-size: 800px 600px;


The shorthand property background allows to shorten definitions and group them on a single line.
    background: url(bg.png) top left no-repeat;

If you use an image, and the image could not be loaded, you can set a fallback color:
    background: url(image.png) yellow;

You can also set a gradient as background:
    background: linear-gradient(#fff, #333);

