text-transform
    transform the case of an element.
    capitalize - uppercase the first letter of each word
    uppercase - uppercase all
    lowercase  - lowercase all
    none to disable transforming the text, used to avoid inheriting the property

text-decoration
    underline, overline, line-through, blink, none
    You can also set the style of the decoration, and the color.
        text-decoration: underline dashed yellow;
    Valid style values are solid, double, dotted, dashed, wavy.

    text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, text-decoration-style are specific
    properties to handle decorations

text-align
    By default text align has the start value, meaning the text starts at the "start", 
    origin 0, 0 of the box that contains it. This means top left in left-to-right 
    languages, and top right in right-to-left languages.

    start, end, left, right, center, justify

vertical-align
    First we can assign a length or percentage value. Those are used to align the text 
    in a position higher or lower (using negative values) than the baseline of the parent 
    element.
    baseline (default),sub super, top, text-top, middle, bottom, text-bottom

line-height
    change the height of a line. Each line of text has a certain font height, but 
    then there is additional spacing vertically between the lines. That’s the line height:

text-indent
    Indent the first line of a paragraph by a set length, or a percentage of the paragraph width:
        text-indent: -10px;

text-align-last
    By default the last line of a paragraph is aligned following the text-align value. 
    Use this property to change that behavior:
        text-align-last: right;

word-spacing
    Modifies the spacing between each word.

    You can use the normal keyword, to reset inherited values, or use a length value:

letter-spacing
    Modifies the spacing between each letter.

    You can use the normal keyword, to reset inherited values, or use a length value:

text-shadow
    Apply a shadow to the text. By default the text has no shadow.
    This property accepts an optional color, and a set of values that set
        the X offset of the shadow from the text
        the Y offset of the shadow from the text
        the blur radius
    If the color is not specified, the shadow will use the text color.
        text-shadow: 0.2px 2px;
        text-shadow: yellow 0.2px 2px 3px;

white-space
    Sets how CSS handles the white space, new lines and tabs inside an element.

    normal collapses white space. Adds new lines when necessary as the text reaches the container end
    nowrap collapses white space. Does not add a new line when the text reaches the end of 
    the container, and suppresses any line break added to the text
    pre-line collapses white space. Adds new lines when necessary as the text reaches the container end
    pre preserves white space. Does not add a new line when the text reaches the end of the container, 
    but preserves line break added to the text
    pre-wrap preserves white space. Adds new lines when necessary as the text reaches the container end

tab-size
    Sets the width of the tab character. By default it’s 8, and you can set an integer value 
    that sets the character spaces it takes, or a length value:
        tab-size: 2;
        tab-size: 4px;

writing-mode
    Defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, and the 
    direction in which blocks progress.
    horizontal-tb (default)
    vertical-rl content is laid out vertically. New lines are put on the left of the previous
    vertical-lr content is laid out vertically. New lines are put on the right of the previous

hyphens
    Determines if hyphens should be automatically added when going to a new line.

    none (default)
    manual only add an hyphen when there is already a visible hyphen or a hidden hyphen
    auto add hyphens when determined the text can have a hyphen.

text-orientation
    When writing-mode is in a vertical mode, determines the orientation of the text.

    mixed is the default, and if a language is vertical (like Japanese) it preserves 
    that orientation, while rotating text written in western languages
    upright makes all text be vertically oriented
    sideways makes all text horizontally oriented

direction
    Sets the direction of the text. 
    Valid values are ltr and rtl:

word-break
    This property specifies how to break lines within words.

    normal (default) means the text is only broken between words, not inside a word
    break-all the browser can break a word (but no hyphens are added)
    keep-all suppress soft wrapping. Mostly used for CJK (Chinese/Japanese/Korean) text.

overflow-wrap
    like word-break but used for western languages

    ellipses:
        white-space: nowrap;
        overflow: hidden;
        text-overflow: ellipsis;


